Secret Santa

USE CASE DESCRIPTION

1. An administrator creates a Secret Santa game and invites other players (family, friends, colleagues, etc) to
   participate.
2. Players create logins and themselves to the game and making choices aligned to the game parameters.
3. Once the admin (who may or may not be a player in this game) is satisfied that all players have completed
   registration, the game is run and players are given the name and choices of their "buy-for" player.

Triggers

1. An administrator creates a game
2. Players register for the game
3. The administrator runs the game
4. Players acknowledge they have bought their gifts

Actors

1. Administrator
2. Players
3. A Game

Preconditions

1. An administrator creates a game
2. At least three players register for the game

Goals
1. To create a game with a chosen number of choices and budget
2. To allow people to join as players and register for one or more games
2. To secretly allocate each player with one person to buy-for, avoiding "don't buy for" players

Not Available
1. Fix program and try again

Steps of Execution
1. Players create system logins, providing name, nickname, email address and password.
2. One player creates a game with a name, description, number of choices and budget, becoming the default admin for
   that game.
3. The administrator invites other players to participate, either off-platform or using an email facility (phase 2).
4. Players register for the games, providing names, descriptions, guide prices and sources of each item, up to
   the number of choices set for each game. Players also provide a "don't buy for" player (eg spouse) for each game.

5. The admin checks registration progress by accessing a report of registered players and level of registration.
6. Once the admin (who may also be a player) is satisfied that all players have registered and completed their
   details, the game is run and players are given the name and choices of their "buy-for" player.
7. Players buy items and mark their game entry as complete.

